I'm near the pier
I'll go first
Thank you dragon lord
I have something to do
I have to go
I'll be back in a while
You send the car keys.
Thanks.
You deliver it, come and help.
This 100 tons of poisonous seafood
That our country doesn't want
And now I've moved.
Thank you, Taijun Awakening
Wait until I sell these seafood in allied countries
Sure to make a lot of money
It works.
These are all seafood
Slowly destroy the health of the dragon people
Hahahaha stop
Colluding with Japanese spies to walk around seafood
Are you ashamed of the bloodline of the Dragon Kingdom?
Ichiro Zuoi
Eating the Dragon Kingdom's rice, I went to smash the Dragon Kingdom fight
How can I be punished?
Where did you get it, kid?
Dare to disturb the soles of my feet and Taijun's feet
It turned out to be the trash who got divorced today.
You Dragon Fruit should thank me
Give you such cheap seafood
Because you only deserve to eat what we don't want
Doing dirty high-end
But with a haughty posture
You are indeed the most despicable people
Insult us
Hit the nation and kill him